Business report is an official document that is used by company head to track the state of the company in actual time. It contains statistics and researched information; these data contribute to have a future overview of the company and to increase handling of the business to avoid corruption and bankruptcy. The report might contain graphs, plots and python notebooks. (Datapine 2021). In this business report we will analyse the business efficiency and historical information of Enron from year 2000 as it went bankrupt due to a fraud despite being one of USA’s largest company. This report will analyse more on the email of Enron which turned the company to destruction.



In the first part of the business report, we will analyse and generate graphs for number of messages each day by date: 
Python which will be used for reports of Enron first of all is a high-level programming language used in notebooks to have live equation and to write codes which will be called python coding.
Python notebooks and google collab will be used to generate the data of Enron company to get historical data of the company and here emails quantity must be analysed using graphs to be able to come to the end of this issue. The numbers of email sent will be represented on graph and plotting will be done to get more precise outputs to include in the business report.
After generating the data on python notebook and running cells a graph as shown below was the output where we can see clearly the frequency in the graph which represents year and email received from year 2000 to year 2002.

Graph and coding in script one file 

explaination: (refer to file script 1)

The above data shows how codes as been generated by using python and a graph came out as output after running the cells, it can be seen that there are historical data for three years for number of email frequency. By generating these codes, it helped us to get a final outcome and it is quite precise data shown on the graph within 12 months of each year accounting from year 2000 to year 2002 and to be noted that it is in 2002 that the company went bankrupt due to fraud.

As written in the case study database of email went public where anyone could download it from the net which made the company bankrupt  and a data schema from Enron was transferred to collab to make it in python language.
